# Simple Optimization of apparel supply chain

author: Ryan Mark.90, Zen.Shen He.2148 
intructor: Sam  Davanloo 
 ISE 3230 

##  Project Proposal 

 Every day, small businesses are tasked with managing inventory, investing in capital, and finding the best way to maximize profits.  Much of the time, owners are using their best judegmnet on how to buy inventory and manage the earnings they receive.  The beginning of a business can be the most difficult time to figure out how to best use your limited resources.  

In our project, we would help a small business formulate the best way to plan inventory to maximize profits with multiple constraints over a 12 month period. In our store, AB Clothing (ABC), we are a new sweatshirt store that is struggling to allocate resources and buy the optimal number of sweatshirts to sell.  

To start, we have decided ABC will have $\$1,000,000$ and zero sweatshirts to begin the business. One of the problems ABC needs to solve is how to buy sweatshirts.  

Their supplier implements a bundle pricing option so they get better deals for more sweatshirts they buy. Additionally, ABC has a projected demand for each month for the next 12 months. Because this demand projection is not perfect, ABC likes to store at least ten sweatshirts at any given time. 

Finally, ABC does not have the space to store more than 100 sweatshirts from one month to the next. Our goal is to create a Linear Program that helps ABC maximize their profits via savings on purchasing sweatshirts in bulk while accounting for numerous constraints on their storage, funds, and demand. 

## Detail

### Manufacturers

1.Vietnam Manufacturing Plant

**Manufacturing Costs**: $\$1$

**Manufacturing costs if a one-year order is signed**: $\$0.5$

**Shipping costs per quarter**: $\$10,000$

**Time to complete each order (in months)**: $3$



2.Local manufacturing plant

**Manufacturing Costs**: $\$5$

**Manufacturing costs if the number of orders exceeds 10,000 pieces**: $\$4$

**Shipping costs per quarter**: $\$1,000$

**Time to complete each order (in months)**: $2$



### Warehouses

1. Local A
2. Local B

### Sales channels

1. online
2. local shop

Storage costs and transportation costs, cost of goods sold

Market demand by quarter

Profit generated by the appeal of clothing to consumers - time loss

